[APT-1178] vulnerability disclosure policy (#432)
gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io: pages/vulnerability-disclosure-policy/index.md

## Scope

This policy applies to the following systems and services:

- Source code at [https://github.com/gruntwork-io](https://github.com/gruntwork-io)
- [Gruntwork.io](http://gruntwork.io) website
- Gruntwork portal ([app.gruntwork.io](https://app.gruntwork.io))

**Any service not expressly listed above, such as any connected services, are excluded from scope** and are not authorized for testing. Additionally, vulnerabilities found in systems from our vendors fall outside of this policy’s scope and should be reported directly to the vendor according to their disclosure policy (if any). If you aren’t sure whether a system is in scope or not, contact us at [security@gruntwork.io](mailto:security@gruntwork.io) before starting your research.

Though we develop and maintain other internet-accessible systems or services, we ask that *active research and testing* only be conducted on the systems and services covered by the scope of this document. If there is a particular system not in scope that you think merits testing, please contact us to discuss it first. We may increase the scope of this policy over time.

> [Security Bug Bounty](https://www.notion.so/Security-Bug-Bounty-597375284b8042578d046e385768d110)

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Reporting a vulnerability

**We accept vulnerability reports via [security@gruntwork.io](mailto:security@gruntwork.io)**. Reports may be submitted anonymously. If you share contact information, we will acknowledge receipt of your report within 3 business days.

We do not support PGP-encrypted emails. For particularly sensitive information, please reach out to [support@gruntwork.io](mailto:support@gruntwork.io) to discuss before sending over.

> NOTE: *By submitting a vulnerability, you acknowledge that you have no expectation of payment and that you expressly waive any future pay claims related to your submission. As described below, we may however, from time to time and in our sole discretion offer certain rewards or acknowledgements for your contributions.*

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: *Currently, Gruntwork does not have an official bug bounty program, however we are grateful for efforts to help make our products more secure. Therefore, if you make a security disclosure, we may pay up to $500 cash, depending on the impact of the vulnerability. Please note that by submitting a vulnerability, you acknowledge that payment is completely at the discretion of Gruntwork.*
```
